hello and welcome to course of
online sewing today i'm going
introduce you to the bank machine
automatic
this machine is ideal for creating its
own words in my box you
find first by opening the
take the instructions and the machine has
said this machine is very compact is
so ideal even if you do not have the
packing box
she does not take a place is really
very practical we see if the machine to
automatic tickets
we're going to open it clips and here
on the side and in new you have
first find the coil first
we will have to wind up the bias that we
have cut beforehand here you
go find the guide we are going
install like this will allow us to
what the bias is going on properly
without moving here we have the tip or
the tip for making the bias here
we have the hotplate
here the off button the setting knob
temperature
here it's a little green light a
Once it is switched on we can say
that it's ok for starting the ticket
the temperature is correct here this is the
button to start making the
ticket is here to reset and
to eat diet you to come back
on the side and plugged our
food
so now we'll have to insert
the band here so we can do it
like this with a needle do it
slide slowly
I advise you to buy the
little tool here it will be a lot more
convenient to insert the tape
I will show you how
concert so I start with clips
and not at the end here then I take my
guy insertion tool and i'm going
go from bottom to top like this at
name that's how I start
my best and I will come
m in tissues like this is you
have to get this is there now
I just have to shoot
that's where I inserted in fabric
The shadow
now I come clip and recliquer
my end here like this I take off
the tool is no longer needed now I
raise here
the peta and there I just installed my
ticket on the heating plate that well
sure is not lit otherwise you burn
that's how these have so there I
check well that I am well flat there
it's okay
now I retweete heating match
I pass my ticket like this I rule
the width so here now we're going
do it my way
it's ed we will go against below
like this one and I will come who pays
my fabric like that night now I
the red in us only
during this time you can turn on the
machine so that it heats
previously you will have settled your
cotton shoe regulator or on
maximum
if you make a Breton of course if not
you have wool at the level of the
silk and so on
here I am now I'm shooting clip
and my reel with the ribbon here I
check that the machine is ok and
now I have more than to press the
start button
and spend your life some
automatically
you can wind up to my god
how hi that these blues will not do
you are at my machine and so we
have gotten a ticket with the
two folds and this phase this side
now you will have more than
apply it you use it to make
a bathroom outlet and so on
on the site rascol points like you
find the money machine the tool
insertion is different foot of
different widths to create all the
goods you want